<Money /> and useMoney example JSDocs (#1021)
Shopify/hydrogen: packages/eslint-plugin/src/rules/client-component-banned-hooks/README.md

# Prevent `useQuery` in client components

> The `useQuery` hook doesn't function in client components because it requires access to server-only features that don't exist in the client.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `useQuery` hook doesn’t function in client components because it requires access to server-only features that don’t exist in the client.
```

Reviewer: Do we care about inch marks vs apostrophe?
